---
layout: default
title: 2024-10-09 TAC Meeting Record
parent: 2024
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---

# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting 09 October, 2024
* [Join the meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/98559442147?password=5e9d28b7-97d4-4628-9087-5f359dbf3d80)
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
* [PQCA Meeting Calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pqca)

## Antitrust Policy Notice
 Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [x] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA
 ### Project Representatives
* [x] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQCP]
* [x] Pravek Sharma [OQS] - (acting)
## Non-Voting Representative Attendance
### LF Staff
* [x] Hart Montgomery
* [x] Ry Jones
* [x] Kenny Paul
### Other Attendees
* Bryan Uhri | Keyfactor
* Jason Lee - GSA
* JP Lomas (Die QRL Stiftung)

## Agenda
### New faces and changes to agenda
* Pravek Sharma
---

### WG- OQS update ( Pravek  )
* liboqs release is being propagated down steam
* expecting some code from nvidia
* demo repo needs maintainers
___
### WG- PQCP update ( Nigel )
* github runners going well
* refactoring on a few projects
* would like to see one implementation that can be consumed upstream
___
### WG- Tooling (Kenny)
* List and committee set up in LFX
* conversation starteds w/ Nigel. 
**ACTION** Kenny send email with join information to TAC OQS & PQCP lists and discord channels
___
### Pending issues
* Brian J - lifecycle stages - most were already approved pre merge
* impact stage does need a change -  PR [#54](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/pull/54) submitted
* Max suggests a bi-annual lifecycle review
**ACTION** Kenny look at issue [#31](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/31) - may need internal support.

---
## Pending Action Items
* Hart OpenSSL is still in discussion about CLA - need to figure out what we want and what they want. C implementations are what seems to be the first thing. Need to wait for Douglas to come back. Would only apply to those repos that they would want to consume.

---
## Announcements 
* next meeting 10/23 Brian J will lead
